Update README.md (#139)
SpringRoll/SpringRollConnect: README.md

> ## This Repo is no longer Hosted by PBS Kids and there will be no more active updates 

Reviewer: How about: 
```suggestion
## This repo is no longer maintained by PBS KIDS and there will be no additional updates.
```
